docs: Add namespace parameter to additional HTTP endpoints (#10731)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/api-docs/agent/check.mdx

  made to both addresses, and the first successful connection attempt will
  result in a successful check.

> - `TTL` `(duration: 10s)` - Specifies this is a TTL check, and the TTL endpoint
>   must be used periodically to update the state of the check within the specified
>   duration, otherwise the check will be set to the failed state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TTL` `(duration: 10s)` - Specifies this is a TTL check, and the TTL endpoint
  must be used periodically to update the state of the check. If the check is not
  set to passing within the specified duration, then the check will be set to the failed state.
```
